Telcos or service providers offer leased lines with different speeds.
However you as a customer conscious pick some arbitrary speed.
The speeds of leased lines follow the standards of older technology in the US it's called to the T carrier
system and in other parts of the world.
It's called the E carrier system.
This comes originally from Alexander Graham Bell and the way that analog voice is digitized.
So as an example when you speak it's an analog signal and you sending sound waves through the air but
that gets digitized using something called the Night quest theorem and your analog voice is converted
into a 64 kilobytes per second stream using a technology called time division multiple axing a single
voice call.
In most parts of the world using older technology such as ISDN is a 64 kilobytes per second.
In the US you'll typically find 56 kilohertz per second when bonded together.
Speeds can be increased so as an example a popular one is a T1 which consists of 24 64 kilohertz per
second sessions plus eight kilobytes per second for overhead in a single connection or single leased
line which provides one point five four megabits per second.
Don't worry too much about the details but for example a D 0 or digital signal level 0 provides 64 kilohertz
per second at t1 consists of 24 64 kilohertz per second sessions plus 8 kilobytes per second overhead
giving you one point five four megabits per second.
So this is 24 DS zeros plus eight kilobytes overhead giving you a T1 speed of one point five four megabits
per second.
That's a standard used in the US in Europe as an example.
We have an E 1 rather than a T1 which gives you just over 2 megabits per second.
So two point zero for eight and that consists of 32 DSL rows or 32 64 kilobytes per second channels
a D 0 or digital signal level 0 is a 64 kilobytes per second channel a T1 consists of 24 channels each
providing 64 kilobytes per second.
Some other US examples at T2 is for T1 lines provide 6 megabits per second at T3 is 28 T1 lines providing
48 megabits per second at T4 consists of 168 T1 lines giving you 274 megabits per second in Europe and
each one is just over 2 megabits per second.
E 2 is 8 megabits per second E 3s 34 megabits per second and an E 4 is 140 megabits per second.
If you're going to remember anyone a t1 is one point five four four megabits per second and an E one
is two point zero for eight megabits per second.
So the easy issue dishy which is acting as the DCI e is using clocking to control when the router sends
data and it also is configured for the relevant speed of the connection.
So the DC controls the speed of the serial connection and the rudder is controlled by the clocking signals
that it receives from the DC.
This issue tells a writer went to send and receive bits.
The rudder will only send and receive bits when instructed to by the DCP because of the clocking that
the DC is providing on the cable.